Scientologists. When you drive past an accident,
it's not like anyone else as you drive past, you know,
you have to do something about him. Okay.
That's that's, that's, that's what you do.
That's what you do as, as a Scientologist,
which me and Tom cruise are because dude, if there was an accident on the road,
I would stop.
When you drive past an accident, it's not like anyone else as you drive past,
you know, you have to do something about it because you know,
you're the only one they can really help.
Because I do that. I am in Scientology, dude. Do you guys get it?
Tom cruise and I are Scientologists. I,
every time I've seen a car accident, I've stopped, got out and helped everybody.
I can even see.
Okay.
Dude, I, you think I'm lying every single time,
no matter how fast I'm going, no matter what road I'm on.
If I see any accident from a one there where somebody for
sure died or a fender bender, even if somebody like,
kind of like is by themselves,
but kind of rolls up on the curb by taking a right turn. I, I literally,
and they, even, if they keep driving, I pull, I pull,
I make them pull over and I help. Dude. You think.
It's not like anyone else as you drive past, you know,
you have to do something about it because you know,
you're the only one they can really help you.
I do it one time. I got a guy hit another car. It was really light.
It was only 15 miles an hour.
And he hit the guy and the guy bumped in and it goes hunk.
And he got out and they both got out and I was driving by dude.
I was driving by from the freeway. They were on a side street. I pulled,
I got off the next exit. I tried to find them. I found them, I got them.
I got out. And I said, is everybody okay? And they were like, what? And I said,
are you guys okay? And they said, yeah, it was just like a little fender bender.
We're going to get each other's information. And I said, okay,
is there anything I can do? And the guys were like, no, not really.
You're not needed. And I said, I'm going to get you guys some coffee.
And I went to the nearest Starbucks. I got them some coffee.
I came back and they were gone at that time, whatever. But I, you know,
I drank the coffee myself, but dude, do you think I I'm.
Exactly. Yeah. Being a Scientologist.
When you drive past an accident, do you understand me?
It's not like anyone else as you drive past and know you have to do something
about it because okay.
You know, you're the only one they can really help.
Anyone else. Would've gotten them coffee, dude. No.
Do you think anyone else would have stopped? If I see an accident I'm stopping.
If I, you know, when you're at home and you're just, you know,
in a cafe and you hear aye, bro, aye,
you don't see me anymore. When that happens. If we're at a cafe
and, and, and you hear you better and you're talking to me,
you better stop because this conversation
is taking a hiatus
because I'm,
I'm running out of the cafe and I'm looking at where the does that sound come
from? I'm going, where's that going to come from? Pure? Like what,
what sound I say? Did you read the screen? Says, yeah. I say,
we're wanting to come from either. I think that area and I'm running dude.
As you drive past, you know, you have to do something about it because you know,
you're the only one they can really help.
Okay. That's it.
Cause that's,
that's what drives me is that I know that we have an opportunity and
uh,
to really help for the first time
effectively change people's lives.
Coffee for people in fender benders. That's it I'll get them,
whatever the they want. If I see someone in a fender-bender, I go like this,
can I take your
advice and say, ah, for sake, ah, son of a. Oh, can I get your information?
I drive up. I say, Hey, can I take your order? And they say, what I say,
I'm going to Starbucks. I'm just trying to do everything I can to help.
And they say, ah, we don't need coffee. And I say, if you wanted coffee,
what would you want? And then the guy would be like, I don't know.
Maybe I would, I would probably get like a,
a venti frappuccino if they have like, kind of like with a caramel thing.
And I would say, I'll be right back.
Cause that's, that's what drives me is that I know that we have an opportunity.
I walk into Starbucks and I say, hi, and I wait in line and I'm wait.
And I'm amped waiting. And like the line's long, I'm amped. I'm ready, dude.
Cause I'm a Scion tologist dude and I'm ready and I'm in line and I'm just
waiting. And when I get up there and I say, I'm dude,
and I guess what I got in my head when I'm,
when I'm, when I'm, when I'm ordering, when, when I'm in line all day,
all day
and I'm in line dude, and I'm just, and I'm waiting, dude,
wait. And dude, and they go tended to say, can I take your order? And it's like,
yeah, I'd like a tea frappuccino. I need a bed there for it. But you know,
in anything, you got caramel on it and I need a,
now I got a guy at a fender better down the street and I need that.
What's your name, my name, you know what you put on the cuff Scientologists?
And they say, okay man, just chill. And I say, I will not chill.
I got an accident down the street and they go, okay, cool.
And I'm watching the out of them. Do it too, dude.
They're making the frappuccino dude. And there's closeup shots,
of the frappuccino, bam, bam.
And they're making the and I'm watching them and I'm, and I'm a low too.
I'm the,
you know how there's a glass thing and I'm right above the lip of the F of the
wall and I'm watching them like this.
So, and they're like, dude, are you cool? And I'm like, I'm cool,
but there's people out there that were in a fender bender.
And then they go like this and they go and they look at the drink and they'd say
Scion top.
And they get to that and I've already grabbed it and I'm running dude.
And I say, and I say, where are the straws? And they point over there.
And I say, and I look, and if they got the paper straws, I take a bunch of them.
And I throw them in the face of the employee. Cause I go like this,
that doesn't help turtles. And then I run out. If they got plastic drawers,
I'm jamming it in the pocket thing. If they don't,
I take the top off and I'm running dude. And when I say I take the top off,
I mean, I take, I ripped my shirt off and I'm running dude. And I go,
here are your frappuccinos.
And they go, Oh thanks man. And if they're gone,
I drip the frappucino all over my chest. And it's so,
and I mean this from the bottom of my heart dude,
it's so God sexy that it's on
real and it probably causes more accent.
And uh,
to really help for the first time
effectively change people's lives. And
I am dedicated that I'm gonna, um, absolutely.
Uncompromisingly dedicated.
It's the words that we Scientologists live by. It is a hundred percent.
And just to top this off,
if you're listening to this and not watching
this,
he did this interview in a
turd on that.
Boom was that Hiroshima
because dude,
that's the ultimate bomb dropper at the end of this.
You said all this Ana turtleneck,
Hey dude, that's it. That's how it ends.
One time I was friends. I was friends with the dude that was wearing a, Oh God,
this guy made me laugh. I'm not going to say his name is buddy, but Holy.
One time I used to live with him and he used to talk like this ma'am this is how
we talk, man. Whew. You would laugh like that.
And he would be like, I talked to him before the podcast, but he goes like this.
He says, man, one time do, he was always trying to get checks. It was so funny.
He's he's like married now and, I don't know if he has kids or whatever,
but he was, you know, he's like a guy and he was just like, Oh man,
Oh man chicks, dude. He'd say like that.
He was so he was eh, sir, from Ventura,
California is unbelievable. He was, he couldn't have been more from Ventura,
California. Unbelievable. He was from Ventura conference. So hard.
His name was Ventura. That's what he'd be.
I should call him his first name is Mike.
He's extra calm Mike Ventura pet detective man. Anyway.
Um, Uh, and he looked for real,
like a serial killer. Like he had this impossible look in his eyes.
That was just like, when you think of him, in retrospect,
you imagine all of his, his whole, I, even the Iris and the pupil,
all of it in the white part. It's all Brown. That's how I imagined him.
Anyway. He's sexy too.
He was just a sexy dude.
Girls loved this dude because he just didn't give a anyway.
Anyway, dude. Um, what story was I telling?
Who, what was it? Oh yeah. So he was in Las Vegas once man,
I went to Las Vegas once did this story made me laugh so hard. I cried.
He said I went to Las Vegas once man. And I was walking around man.
Cause he had a turtleneck on when we were talking, I was like,
you were turtlenecks bro. He's like, yeah man.
So I was in Las Vegas once and I was just walking around man. And dude,
I swear to God, dude. I was like, you know, we were all trying to get chicks.
But like every time I saw the ho a hot girl walking around in Las Vegas,
she was always with a dude wearing a turtleneck. And I was like, man, man,
I get to get a turtleneck. This was in Vegas. So I went,
I left the group to get a turtle neck and I was like, you did. And he was like,
yeah man,
all of these girls had the hot ha all these hot chicks had dudes with Terminix
on me. And I was like, how many did you see? He was like, I swear to God,
me and every girl all with guys with turtlenecks. So I got a torn, lik dude,
I got like an award that night. I swear to God,
I got the hottest chicken Las Vegas.
And he was my favorite guy in my life at that point.
That was the guy he usurped all my family members and friends beforehand.
That was dude. It was so funny to me. Cause I was like,
I didn't know if he actually thought that it was for real.
Uh,
I didn't know if he actually thought it was for real the turtleneck or if he was
in on the joke. That's why I liked him. When guys, when I,
when guys, when guys who, cause I'm always, I always like,
feel like I know if someone is for real or not,
but that was making me laugh.
There's somebody commented under this mission possible.
Under the Scientology thing,
you can skip to any point of the video and still have no clue what the actual
hell he's talking about.
Works are there to help. Okay. But we, as you know,
as also the public to say we have responsibilities,
not just as we can bring peace
and unite cultures, let's get to any part
that once you know these tools and you know that they work it's,
it's not good enough, but play,
just do that. You know what I mean? I mean,
that's what I want it to be. Okay. That's how I would,
you know, there's times I'd like to do that. But.
My favorite part about this video is that it's cut together.
So you can't like there's no interview questions.
I like to imagine the interviewer or either I either like to imagine the
interviewer just like this just the whole time,
just like just stuttering, like the King's speech.
Like Colin Firth, just like I, uh,
I remember that where they put that in the preview.
I uh, and you were like, all right guys, so we get it. You know,
he stutters calling for killed in that role. I didn't see it,
but I know he killed it and he just started the Oscar.
And I know he deserved the Oscar because I saw a clip of a scene where he was
like, I,
and if you're trying to kill it,
playing a part of a guy who stuttered and do it that much, dude,
Hey Oscar, there you go. Golden global ward. There you go.
Actor's choice award. There you go. Sag award. There you go.
NAACP award. There you go. I know you're not black, but I don't give a.
You get all the awards.
I want to play a stutterer and straight up be a dude. That's just
dude, I'll kill it, dude. You think I won't kill it? I don't give a, dude.
I'll kill it, dude.
You put me in a movie where the drama dude, that's it, it's over.
It's over.
I'm going to be the best actor around dude.
And you know how people on set will be like,
I don't know if this is working and then that cuts together and you see me just,
Oh, I that's it do it.
It's like he really people talking about it like, Oh, so how's the shoot going?
Yeah, he's playing a stutter. You know, we got, he's really going for it, man.
It's kind of weird. I'm not sure. And then you cut that together.
And the Oscar goes to Chris,
the Eliya and I get up on stage and I get my acceptance speech.
I give my acceptance speech and you know what it sounds like. Yeah.
When you drive past an accident, it's not like anyone else as you drive past,
you know, you have to do something about it because you know,
you're the only one that can really help. Cause that's,
that's what drives me is that I know that we have an opportunity
and uh, to really help.
Ah, thank you. Very crystal clear one for the princess speech.
Um, so anyway, life reps, babies, life reps,
life is what you make it. You know what I mean? I know that.
Cause I'm a Scientologist dude. Life rips, life rips.
You just have to realize it rips. And then it rips. That's it. Life rips.
If you think it rips, it doesn't rip. If you don't think it rips,
if you start being like, Oh man, my back, I got back pain. Do I have back pain?
Yes. There's sometimes I get a twinge in my shoulder. Yes.
Do I let it bog me down sometimes? Honestly. Yes.
But then do I stop sometimes? And I realize tomorrow might be a better day. Yes.
And then do I wake up the next day and do I feel better sometimes? Yes.
Sometimes. No, but then the next day do I feel better? Yes.
And that is when I realized that life rips. Yes.
And then there's it start to rip even more? Yes,
that's it. My babies, it's all about attitudes
and he stays drinking. LaCroix
stays keeping her ducking out his mouth dude.
If I was on an Island and somebody was trying to torture me to get information,
I would say no,
unless they tried to put her ducking in my mouth and I'd be like, okay, okay.
I'll tell you did it.